This is a Java port of BitTorrent 3.0.2 
Because of non-blocking IO called used by this code, the 1.4 version
of the JRE is required to run this software
It has it's own installer which uses the Apache ANT
and the JNI Registry code from http://www.trustice.com/java/jnireg/

The tracker is a servlet which can run inside of any servlet container.
It uses a SQL compilant database to store information about the peers.
It was developed using the SimpleDB database at http://www.simpledb.org/
but should work under most JDBC databases.  

To run the installer, download the installer.jar file and run 

java -jar installer.jar 

or

java -jar installer.jar <directory where to install bittorrent>

from the directory where the installer.jar file is located
The installer will create the following directory structure

classes -- all the class files needed by the bittorrent application
docs -- Javadocs for the bittorrent application
src -- source of the BitTorrent application
README -- this file
LICENSE.txt -- license under which BitTorrent is released
ICE_JNIRegistry.dll -- dll needed by the installer to edit the windows registry

If the install target computer is Windows, it adds entries to the windows registry for the application/x-bittorrent mime type so the browser will launch bittorrent when it sees a .torrent file

If the install target computer is *NIX, it will add an application/x-bittorrent entry to the /etc/mailcap file.  

The following Java main entry points exist:

org.jtorrent.installer.Installer -- starts the installer
org.jtorrent.installer.Uninstall -- removes the bittorrent application
org.jtorrent.msgdata.MakeBitTorrentFile -- makes the .torrent file
org.jtorrent.ptop.Origin -- starts the first peer of a bittorrent network, usually only run along side of a tracker
org.jtorrent.plugin.HeadlessPlugin -- starts a command line bittorrent peer
org.jtorrent.plugin.Plugin -- starts the GUI bittorrent peer, launched by the browser to handle .torrent files

to use tracker, you must build the tracker.war file using the ANT build script found in tools/build.xml.

Before using the ANT build script, edit the build.home, docs.home, src.home and basedir properties to make them point at the correct things.

The following ANT targets are important

all -- makes the tracker.war and installer.jar file
clean -- removes binaries
compile -- compiles the source to the build.home directory
war -- builds the tracker.war file for the servlet container
javadoc -- builds the javadocs
installall -- called by the second stage of the installer to install Bittorrent and its source
install -- same as installall but doesn't install the source
makeinstaller -- makes the installer.jar file
uninstall -- called by the Uninstall code to remove the bittorrent application

The code is well commented and not that complex so don't be afraid to look at the source.

PROJECT STATUS

This is alpha code, be careful and read the comments in the code.
Currently Mac OSX isn't supported because the 1.4 JVM hasn't yet been released
and I don't have enough money to buy an iBook to have something to test
upon.  The installer is the only part of the code to be added for Mac OSX.
Pre OSX Mac OSes will never be supported because of their lack of 1.4 JVM 
support.

Good Luck

